['People that living in the modern world really cannot live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people be able to connect one another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some those, sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People who(Ssub) live(Vform) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media allows(Wci) people (Rloc-) to connect with(Prep) one another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Rloc-), sharing (ArtOrDet) parts of their lives,(Srun) such as videos and photos,(Srun) on (ArtOrDet) social media sites has become (V0) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered;(Srun) (Rloc-) a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People that live(Vform) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media enables(Wci) people (Rloc-) to connect with one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some of(Prep) them,(Pform) sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on (ArtOrDet) social media sites becomes(SVA) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered when(Ssub) a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People that live(Vt) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media make(SVA) people (Rloc-) able to connect with(Prep) one another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Rloc-), sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites has become(Vt) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People (Rloc-) living in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Vform) able to connect to one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (ArtOrDet), sharing some parts of their lives(Mec) such as videos and photos on the social media sites has become(Vt) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon has been(Vt) discovered: (Mec) that a group of friends met and sat around a(ArtOrDet) table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People who(Pref) are living(Vform) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults have(Wci)a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Rloc-) able to connect to one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (ArtOrDet), sharing some parts of their lives,(Mec) such as videos and photos on (ArtOrDet) social media sites has become(Vform) truly(Wci) necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered where(Prep) a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting to(Prep) one another. Instead, they were all(WOinc) more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People (Ssub) living in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Vform) able to connect with one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Pform), sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on (ArtOrDet) social media sites has become(Vt) very(Wci) necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon has(Vt) been discovered(Vt) where(Ssub) a group of friends will(Vt) meet(Vt) and sit(Vt) around one table, but none of them are(Vt) really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them are(Vt) more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting to(Prep) their social media accounts(Wci). Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People (Ssub) living in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media allows(Wci) people (Vm) to connect to(Prep) one another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Pref), that sharing(Ssub) some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites has become(Vt) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered:(Mec)(Ssub) a group of friends met and sat around a(ArtOrDet) table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People that live(Vt) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Vt) able to connect with one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Pref), sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on (ArtOrDet) social media sites,(Mec) has become(Vt) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered,(Mec) that a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People that living in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Rloc-) able to connect to one(Prep) another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Rloc-), sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on (ArtOrDet) social media sites becomes(SVA) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered, (Mec)where(Ssub) a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.', 'People who(Ssub)live(Vform) in the modern world really cannot live without (ArtOrDet) social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. Almost all students and young adults possess a(ArtOrDet) Facebook or Twitter account. It is true that social media makes people (Rloc-) able to connect one another more conveniently. However, it seems that, especially for some (Rloc-), sharing some parts of one\'s(Npos) life,(Nn) such as videos and photos,(Mec) on (ArtOrDet) social media sites has become(Vt) really necessary. An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered:(Mec) (Ssub) a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them was(SVA) really chatting with (Rloc-) another. Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites. Therefore, there is a need(ArtOrDet) to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.']